I want to very quickly tell you how to get a new API key if there's something wrong with the one that
was included inside this project.
So again if you're getting an error in your console or if you're not seeing any search results when
you make a request we're going to go in and generate a new API key and add it into this project to do
so.
We're going to open up a new browser tab and navigate to OMD API dot com once a year.
We're going to find at the very top a tab called API key we're then going to change Account Type 2 free
and then you can enter in an email a name last name and the user right here you can put in just about
anything you want.
Doesn't really matter once you do that it on summit you're then going to receive an email inside of
your inbox.
In your email take a look very closely at it.
There's going to be a link inside there that you need to click to make sure you click that link.
You're then going to get your API key once you get the API key.
We will come back over to our index not just file.
This is inside of the new project that we just downloaded not the project we are just working on with
the map.
And for each and whatnot then inside of here We'll scroll down just a little bit and find right there
is something says API key.
So take the API key that you found in your email pasted in right there.
Save the file and you should be good good to go so you can then flip back over to the application.
Make sure you refresh it and then type in another movie title and you should see something like that
appear OK.
So now hopefully your application is working and we are ready to start testing it really quickly however
I want to mention some of this application and just generally how it works and I'm just going to mention
this in case you did not build this app with me earlier on site of course.
So just you know this the point this entire application is to search for somebody on the left and then
some of you on the right and then once you search for movie on both sides the movie with the higher
statistics in each of these different categories is going to be highlighted.
So in this case the Dark Knight got more awards but The Avengers had a higher box office value and The
Dark Knight had a higher medal score a higher rating and more votes on IMDB com as well so that pretty
much is the application.
So we're going to take a pause right here just in case you skip this video because you already knew
all this stuff and we come back next video we're going to start to discuss how we can test all this
stuff using Moka so quick pause and I'll see you in just a moment.